docs: add readmes and docs (#5)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_wear_app: brick/README.md

# very_good_wear_app

[![Very Good Ventures][logo_white]][very_good_ventures_link_dark]

Developed with 💙 by [Very Good Ventures][very_good_ventures_link] 🦄

[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]
[![Powered by Mason](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fmason-badge)](https://github.com/felangel/mason)

A Very Good Flutter Starter Project for WearOS devices created by Very Good Ventures 🦄.

## What's Included ✨

> Out of the box, Very Good Core includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Out of the box, Very Good Wear App includes:
```

> Out of the box, Very Good Wear App includes:

Reviewer: No, because it's called very_good_wear_app

- ✅ Made for [Wear OS][wearos_link]
- ✅ Rotary input support
- ✅ Adaptive UI - Changes colors when the device is in ambient mode
- ✅ [Build Flavors][flutter_flavors_link] - Multiple flavor support for development, staging, and production
- ✅ [Internationalization Support][internationalization_link] - Internationalization support using synthetic code generation to streamline the development process
- ✅ [Sound Null-Safety][null_safety_link] - No more null-dereference exceptions at runtime. Develop with a sound, static type system.
- ✅ [Bloc][bloc_link] - Integrated bloc architecture for scalable, testable code which offers a clear separation between business logic and presentation
- ✅ [Testing][testing_link] - Unit and Widget Tests with 100% line coverage
- ✅ [Logging][logging_link] - Built-in, extensible logging to capture uncaught Flutter and Dart Exceptions

> - ✅ Dependabot Integration

Reviewer: If we think it's super important, I think it's fine as-is

> - ✅ Dependabot Integration

Author: Trying to keep teh diff as small as possible from very good core, in case we switch to extended bricks (future mason feature).

> - ✅ Dependabot Integration

Reviewer 2: I see wee seem to include it in the [core cli documentation.](https://cli.vgv.dev/docs/templates/core)
